Rephrased text to remove passive voice for a more active one. (#9176)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: book/src/continuous_integration/github_actions.md

# GitHub Actions

> The latest stable version of Rust has Cippy pre-installed on GitHub's hosted runners.

Reviewer: It is not the latest stable Rust version, that has Clippy pre-installed, it is the GitHub hosted runners that have Clippy pre-installed together with the latest stable Rust version.

The wording can probably still be improved. I wrote that and English is my second language.

> The latest stable version of Rust has Cippy pre-installed on GitHub's hosted runners.

Reviewer 2: I'd say it like this:

```suggestion
The latest stable version of Rust provided by Github's hosted runners has Clippy pre-installed.
```

> GitHub hosted runners' using the latest stable version of Rust has Clippy pre-installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub hosted runners using the latest stable version of Rust have Clippy pre-installed.
```
The apostrophe makes this possessive, there's also a tense mismatch with "using" and "has". :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: LOL where is my head! Thanks Serial!

> It is as simple as running `cargo clippy` to run lints aginst the codebase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is as simple as running `cargo clippy` to run lints against the codebase.
```
